A necromantic demon with a conscience. He borrows men's souls.
A powerful sorcerer who can control the winds, but must belch his incantations.
A goblin who pilots a giant clockwork mech hobgoblin. Inside the goblin is a tiny kobold.
Skateboarding revolver-wielding 'knight' who wears a cape and drinks heavily. Watches too many John Woo movies, but has the skills to pull off some stunts.
A dwarf, cleverly disguised as a gnome.
A dwarf that turns into a gnome on full moons.
An insatiably-horny living dungeon. She wants you inside her.
An orc chieftan with a secret, shameful kobold fetish.
A gnome, cleverly disguised as a dwarf.
Fat, insane ex-city watchman. Carries around an axe with a pink ribbbon and a face painted on it which he affectionately calls "Camille".
An invisible, magically-weakened fire elemental. Adventurers recognize his presence by a warm, toasty feeling.
Were-toaster.
Drizzt of Necron.
Paladin of disco. With a sword forged from 1000 disco balls.
A bloodthirsty candy golem with a soft spot for children.
Level 40 commoner. Because prestige classes are for pussies.
Suicidal sorcerer with serendipitously good luck who can never kill himself. Hailed by the people as a death-defying showman.
A burly, hairy barbarian with expertise in great axes, who's only ten inches tall.
Dwarven Ex-monk/Barbarian that went crazy after a beardomancer stole all of his hair for dread experiments.
Awakened rat alchemist with a penchant for inventing magical drugs.
A gate-guarding Beholder with near-godlike powers who hates fighting. He'll open the passage ahead if two party members agree to have sex while he watches.
Rat sorcerer with mouse familiar.
Polar Bear with maximum points in Bluff.
Man born with SEPTA, unable to feel pain but a masochist. Willingly entered pact with demons to feel pain when doing good.
Female Goblin leader who greets adventurers warmly, peaceably. Offers well-crafted sex toys as trade goods.
Perverted sorcerer. Crafts voodoo dolls of the adventurers just to feel them up.
Angry bald dwarf who becomes a serial barber, terrorizes small towns.
A human warrior who is a champion for nature and fights for the rights and lives of animals, with charisma of 20 and a thick Australian accent. He is fearless and rolls natural 20's on all of his saving throws versus attacks from animals, except for one.
A rat sorcerer with an owl familiar.
A deaf seer. Constantly jealous of the attention blind seers get.
Magically enchanted tree, animate and able to talk. Still no smarter than the average tree.
A Mayor with a tropical fetish attempts to shave everyone's heads into horrible hairstyles. A group of sorcerers and monks must stop him.
Sandwich Golem.
Pie Golem.
Taffy Golem.
Hand lotion golem.
Lubricant Golem.
Hardtack Golem.
Snow Golem desperately, hopelessly in love with Fire Elemental.
Oven golem. Shows a distinct hatred of any creature with oversized noses.
A band of jewish zombies lead by an oven golem.
A living katana that craves the blood of weeaboos.
A horrible man-eating monster that looks just like a comfortable wool coat. This particular one is a mute vegetarian and his favorite past time is being worn.
Gold Golem with a gambling problem.
A Guardsman who is actually three Squats in a man-suit.
A paladin with a cursed sword that makes him constantly drunk.
A beastman with trichotillomania. He stalks the night armed with a pair of scissors and a brush.
A female skaven that was accidentally snatched along with some magical maguffin by adventurers as a young child. Now lives as a curiosity in a private menagerie and despairs at her self-awareness, variously trying to kill, eat or breed with her captors.
A transsexual time-traveler who is his own father and mother at different points in his life. No situation is too paradox for him.
A large muscle-bound barbarian who carries a massive reload-by-crank 20-pound log launching crossbow on his back. Gets picked on by rest of tribe because they see it as a "Big toy for big children".
Well preserved lich spends unlife challenging others to chili eating and drinking contests. Little do his opponents know that he automatically passes fortitude saves.
An archer who dual-wields longbows. He holds them, while they are drawn, aimed and fired by the spirit of his dead wife, who watches over him.
A lich mariachi band member with a guitar case full of wands.
A warforged who knew nothing but death. He is the mechanical grim reaper.
A warrior, who is actually a load of mice in a steam-powered human suit.
Kittenmancer.
A priest of a 'primitive' religion who actually has sole access to unbelievably advanced technology that was created before the universe was birthed.
A drow elf that, during his rebellious teenage years rebelled to the surface world and tried to do good, only to soon realize the surface world sucks and he should kill them all.
After the end of the world, one man roams the wastelands in search of the primal beat.
Corgi knight.
A small pebble golem rogue. He is like an ant and able to lift fairly large objects and generally only uses unarmed attacks.
The greatest swordsman the world has ever known who has, coinsidentaly, been trapped in his own sword. Apparently, a very shy peasant girl channels him whenever she draws the sword.
A blind deaf mute dwarf bard who uses interpretative dance.