Call no man happy until he is dead.
Curse now the death in vain.
Death is the servant of the righteous. 
Even a man who has nothing can still offer his life. 
If a job's worth doing it's worth dying for. 	
It is better to die for the Emperor than to live for yourself.
Not Even The Dead Know The End Of War.
No man died in His service that died in vain. 
Only in death does duty end. 
Serve the Emperor today, tomorrow you may be dead.
The wise man learns from the deaths of others.
Life is a prison, death a release .
Life is the Emperor's currency, spend it well.
Nothing Can Hide From The Wrath Of The Emperor.
Revere the Omnissiah, for it is the source of all power. 
Step not from the path of the Emperor.
Submit to his will. 
There is only the Emperor, and he is our shield and protector.
To serve Him is to worship Him.
Without Him there is nothing.
The Emperor knows, the Emperor is watching.
A small mind is easily filled with faith.
Damnation is eternal.
Faith without deeds is worthless.
Faith is your shield.
Faith in the Emperor is its own reward.
Faith, Hate and Ignorance. 
Brave are those who know everything yet fear nothing.
Fear denies Faith. 
Fear not the creatures of the jungle but those that lurk within your mind.
No pity! No remorse! No fear!
Wisdom is the beginning of fear.
Heresy grows from idleness.
A moment of laxity spawns a lifetime of heresy.
Thought begets heresy; Heresy begets Retribution.
An unprotected soul can no more cross the storms of the warp than a heretic can bear the gaze of the Inquisition.
Hope is the first step on the road to disappointment.
Be strong in your ignorance.
The difference between heresy and treachery is ignorance.
Innocence proves nothing.
Nobody is innocent, there are merely varying levels of guilt.
The blood of martyrs is the seed of the Imperium.
The road to purity is drenched in the blood of the martyred.
A broad mind lacks focus.
An Empty Mind Is A Loyal Mind.
A fine mind is a blessing of the Emperor - It should not be cluttered with trivialities.
A mind without purpose will wander in dark places.
A small mind is a tidy mind.
A suspicious mind is a healthy mind.
Better crippled in body than corrupt in mind.
Examine your thoughts!
Pain is an illusion of the senses, despair an illusion of the mind.
Prayer cleanses the soul, but pain cleanses the body.
Success is commemorated; Failure merely remembered.
Success is measured in blood; yours or your enemy's.
To admit defeat is to blaspheme against the Emperor.
Victory needs no explanation, defeat allows none.
Vigilance is the brother of truth.
Vigilance is your shield.
Doubt is a sign of weakness.
Forgiveness is a sign of weakness.
Mercy is a sign of weakness.
All souls cry out for salvation.
Carry the Emperor's will as your torch, with it destroy the shadows.
Cowards die in shame.
Excuses are the refuge of the weak.
For those who seek perfection - there can be no rest this side of the grave.
Hatred is the Emperor's greatest gift to humanity.
Honour, Duty and Obedience.
Information Is Power.
Know the mutant; kill the mutant.
Know your destination before you set out.
Never forget, never forgive.
Only the awkward question; only the foolish ask twice.
Only The Lost Understand True Terror.
Pure in body, pure in heart.
Purge the unclean.
Ruthlessness is the kindness of the wise.
Study the alien, the better to kill it.
To question is to doubt.
Truth begets hatred.
The end justifies the means.
Zeal is its own excuse.
Accept your lot.
A coward seeks compromise.
A dagger in the dark is worth a thousand swords at dawn.
A free man is a damned man.
All mortal life is folly that does not feed the spirit.
A logical argument must be dismissed with absolute conviction!
A man subjected to an alien is no man at all.
Analysis is the bane of conviction.
And they shall know no Fear.
Appeasement is a curse.
A questioning servant is more dangerous than an ignorant heretic.
A single thought of heresy can blight a lifetime of faithful duty.
A slave to the Throne is richer by far than a thousand renegades.
As our bodies are protected by adamantium, so our souls are protected by loyalty.
As the mind to the body so the soul to the spirit, as death to the mortal man so failure to the immortal, such is the price of all ambition.
A warrior's faith in his commander is his best armour and his strongest weapon.
A weapon cannot substitute for zeal.
Be grateful of your Master's favour.
Be just and fear naught.
Be pure.
Be vigilant and strong. The Emperor knows what evil lurks in the vacillation of a weak fool.
Blessed is a closed mind filled with faith.
Blessed is the mind too small for doubt.
Blind faith is a just cause.
By the manner of their death we shall know them.
By thy colours will the foe know thee, by thy banners will the foe fear thee.
Call No Man Happy Until He Is Dead.
Cease purpose and die.
Compromise is akin to treachery.
Contemplation is the womb of treachery.
Crush the alien beneath your tracks.
Dark dreams lie upon the heart.
Death brings its own reward.
Death is the only answer.
Defile not His Presence.
Defile the Mutant.
Do not question the Will of the Emperor.
Do not wait for Death.
Duty prevails.
Dying for something is greater than living for nothing.
Even a man who has nothing can still have faith.
Every lone spirit doubts his strength.
Exist for the Emperor.
Faith is Purest when it is Unquestioning.
Fear is the Mind Killer.
Foolish are those who fear nothing, yet claim to know everything.
For a warrior the only crime is cowardice.
Go forth and vanquish the foe.
Happiness is a delusion of the weak
Hard work conquers everything.
Hate enriches.
Hate, hate, hate! This is our mantra.
He is with us.
Heresy must be met with hatred.
His Word is Our Strength.
Hope is sin.
Hope is the beginning of unhappiness.
If a man dies that another should live, that man's spirit shall eat at the Emperor's table.
If you cannot speak well of your Master, be silent!
Ignorance is bliss.
In Nostra Manus - Progenies Futuris.
Inspiration grows from the barrel of a gun.
Intellect is a mask for traitors.
In the darkness a blind man is the best guide. In an age of madness look to the madman to show the way.
It is not the Horror of War that troubles me, but the Unseen Horrors of Peace.
It is the bitter tears that the gods weep that bind us to their hearts.
Kill, kill, kill.
Knowledge is half the battle.
Knowledge is to be feared.
Know your duty!
Leniency is a sign of weakness.
Let faith protect your mind and metal your flesh.
Let the alien bow down before our sword.
Let the strength of your will match the stone of your walls.
Let the wisdom of the Emperor wall round the fortress of your soul.
Life is a prison, Death shall be my release.
Look to your wargear!
Look upon the Emperor's works and tremble!
Mankind stands on the shoulders of the martyred.
May the Emperor's Wrath forever cleanse our souls.
Men united in the purpose of the Emperor are blessed in his sight and shall live forever in His memory.
My armour is contempt.
Negotiation is surrender.
No Mercy. No Remorse. Just Kill.
Obedience is the maker of armies.
Our enemies cannot stop us. They can only test our faith, strength and courage.
Peace is Hell.
Perseverance and silence are the highest virtues.
Place your trust in the Emperor's steel.
Power does not reside with the oracle, but with the priests.
Power resides in the will of the Righteous.
Purge those who are unclean.
Reason begets Doubt; Doubt begets Heresy.
Reason is the cloak of traitors.
Rejoice in service!
Ruthlessness is the kindness of the wise.
Save and destroy.
Seek no reward but the satisfaction of your Master!
Sins hidden in the heart turn all to decay.
So it was, so it is, so it ever shall be.
Sorrow awaits the foolhardy.
The alien fails because it cannot embrace the Emperor.
The brave man always chooses danger.
The burden of failure is the most terrible punishment of all.
The Cosmos cries out for salvation.
The dark gods laugh at the foolishness of meek appeasers.
The difference between heresy and treachery is ignorance.
The dissident invites only retribution.
The Emperor asks only that you hate.
The Emperor asks only that you obey.
The Emperor bestows upon us the gift of intolerance.
The Emperor commands: we act.
The Emperor's Judgement is a blessing for the faithful.
The Emperor's Mercy is neither to forgive nor to forget but to accept.
The Emperor will not judge you by your medals and diplomas but by your scars.
The foolish man puts his trust in luck, the wise man puts his trust in the Emperor.
The graves of the warriors who have given their lives for the Emperor now outnumber the stars themselves.
The guilt of heresy weighs heavy on the soul.
The justice of your action is measured by the strength of your conviction.
The keenest blade is righteous hatred.
The lot of courage is to be sacrificed upon the altar of battle.
The loyal servant learns to love the lash.
The man that sings the Emperor's praise will speak a blessing all his days.
The man who has nothing can still have faith.
The martyr's grave is the keystone of the Imperium.
The mighty have no room for doubt.
The mortal burden carried dutifully to its destination is the Emperor's greatest praise.
The only reaction to treachery is vengeance.
The question not is when, but how, will I die!
There are no answers. Only Death.
There is no cowardice in faith.
There is no fear in conviction.
There is no greater glory than a lifetime of dutiful service.
There is no substitute for zeal.
There is nothing to fear but failure.
There is only the Emperor and he is our shield and protector.
There is purity of purpose in the faith of the just.
The reward for treachery is retribution.
The same hammer, that shatters the glass, forges the steel.
The seed of heresy rests in the minds of reasonable men.
The traitor's hand lies closer than you think.
The truly heroic trust in blind faith.
The truly wise are always afraid.
The weapon slays where the hand wills.
The weapon slays where the hand wills. Serve the Emperor!
There will be no victory without your sacrifice.
The Will of the Emperor is the Might of the Imperium.
The wise man learns from the deaths of others.
The word of the Emperor is the rule of the Imperium.
Thou shalt not.
Thought begets heresy. Heresy begets retribution.
Through the destruction of our enemies we earn our salvation.
Timidity begets indecision; indecision begets treachery.
To compromise is to err.
To fault the Emperor's word is an act of sedition.
To question is to doubt.
To question the Emperor's will is to embrace heresy.
To withdraw in disgust is not apathy.
Treachery is its own reward.
True faith is blind and justified.
True happiness stems only from duty.
Trying to understand weakens the will to act.
Victory does not always rest with the big guns; but if we rest in front of them, we shall be lost.
Victory is simply greater perseverance.
We are bound by the blood of martyrs.
We can rebuild them.
We will not simply endure - we will prevail!
What can a man know of the Universe that knows not his own mind?
Who is to know what is possible, until you have attempted the impossible and succeeded.
Will is not enough. Act!
Within the dark and forgotten places hide the enemies of the Emperor.
Words do not win wars. Deeds do.
Work earns salvation.
You are either for the Emperor or you are His bitter foe.
You are not required to think, only to act.
Your purpose is greatness.
Mutation without, corruption within.
Only the insane have strength enough to prosper. Only those who prosper may judge what is sane.
Sins hidden in the heart turn ail to decay. 
Innocence is an illusion. 
The pain of the bullet is ecstasy compared to damnation.
Kill the alien before it can speak its lies. 
Truth is subjective.
Know the mutant; kill the mutant. 
Even a man who has nothing can still offer his life.
Only in death does duty end.
A mind without purpose will wander in dark places.
There are no civilians in the battle for survival.
Violence solves everything.
To war is human.
Die if you must, but not with your spirit broken.
The gun is mightier than the sword. 
Be a boon to your brothers and bane to your enemies.
Men must die so that Man endures.
In the darkness, follow the light of Terra.
The only true fear is of dying with your duty not done.
The wise man learns from the deaths of others.
Trust in your fear.
Do not ask why you serve. Only ask how.
The gratitude of the powerful is a heavy weight to bear.
Life’s so much easier when you’ve got someone to blame.
One thing you can say for enemies, they make life more interesting.
Paranoia is a very comforting state of mind. If you think they’re out to get you, it means you think you matter.
If you go looking for trouble, you’re sure to find it.
The past is always with us.
Never take a gamble you’re not prepared to lose.
If you don’t expect gratitude you’ll seldom be disappointed.
Life’s a journey. Shame about the destination.
Diligence earns salvation.
The Emperor's Eye is upon you.
A servant is only as powerful as the master he serves.
Be what the Emperor intended you to be, for then you shall succeed.